if I could reach back
through the sand time pluck
someone history
and bring them into the
president interviewed for a
start
I think in recent past
recent centuries I would say
oscar wilde
would come up high on the list
anyone who
could hand the sentence we are
all in the gutter
some other somewhat store I want
a personal
start stock I want to interview
Vincent van Gogh
right after he painted
story net 10
what were you thinking up
bus now rescue I would say what
are you feeling
as an impressionist artist
they don't pay with CC you
I want to interview Joan of Arc
a QB so young
so motivated will take some and
bring it to today
attack to the teenagers have
today what you're 17 in blood
lead armies
good what white and so
just wanna I'd like learning how
people think what makes them
think
in one way versus another